# Anki and Spaced-Repetition Services
## [Link to Anki's Website](https://apps.ankiweb.net)

## What is Anki and Spaced Repetition Service
Anki is what is known as a Spaced-Repetition Service - which is a very fancy way of saying that it is a flashcard app with a scheduler. [Spaced-Repetiton](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spaced_repetition) is a system of learning which a simple principle, and you have almost certainly have made use of it: you space out reviews of your content and therefore you will memorise it better. A Spaced-Repetion Service is simply applying this principal, with a more sophisticated scheduler. 

I would recommend using Anki over a simple paper based flashcard for 5 reasons
1. Efficiencies -  You can create a massive amount of cards without having to haul around paper everywhere (I have 3442 cards in my decks). You also don't need to cut up paper, or go buy cards.
2. Scheduler - When you rely on yourself to schedule the cards, error will undoubtly slip in, with some material reviewed too much and some not enough. On the other hand, when you use a computer, this will still happen a little but to a much lesser extent. When you're also trying to do the reverse side of 
3. Making Cards quickly - To understand this one, you need to understand a little bit of Anki jargon. A note is the system by which you make your cards. Why is this important? Well with a single note, you can make multiple cards! Let's explain with an example: you want to make a card which is about revising a quote, and the information you need to learn is work, author and the quote itself, and you want to be able to do each piece of info against each other (Quote-Author, Quote-Work, exc) which would therefore require you to make 3 different paper cards, which is, to a degree, time consuming. But with Anki, you can create a new note type, with the three fields with giving you the ability to input the data. All you do then is that you input the data, and your cards are done! While the process of making a note type will take a while a learn, once you have done so it will make card creation much much faster.
4. Share - If you want to share your Anki Deck with your friend, then that's easy! Just click the export button and send it to then! You can even export it as a CSV or a Txt file, so if they use a different application/service like quizlet they can import it into the program (you can also be mean to them for using an inferior program).
5. No risk of damage - if you set up Anki Sync (which is free) then you wont be in the position in which you will lose your collection, unless something highly unforseen occurs. Paper based ones on the otherhand...

## Anki over other services
1. Making Cards Quickly - " as above
2. Files are stored locally - as Anki files are stored locally unlike some other flashcard services, the files are stored locally. This therefore means that you are not reliant on an internet connection to make your cards and review them.
3. Cost  - unlike other services, every service available on Anki is free! The only notable exception to this is the iOS app (not the android app which is free), which costs around 40 Australian Dollars, but there is  Anki Web - which enables you to do reviews and make cards in the browser (this does mean that you're reliant on an internet connection unless you pay however)
4. Open Source - Anki is Open Source, which is a massive advantage over other services. While brainscape and quizlet are successful right now, there is a possibility that they will go under some day in the future, and this will therefore mean that development will cease. However, as Anki is open source, development on it should never end.
5. Addons - Anki supports addons! This let's you do some fun things like [being able to edit fields during review,](https://github.com/glutanimate/review-heatmap) [have a heatmap of your reviews](https://github.com/glutanimate/review-heatmap) and much much more! 
6. Customisability - As you are able to change up the note templates, it means that you can set up notes to make some pretty cool cards. An example of this is a Market Graph Axis card, which I made to practise drawing Market Graphs. To do this, I have an axis (as a PNG) embedded into a note type which means I don't need to keep adding the image each time I want to make the card. This therefore gives it both versatility that other services simply do not offer, and also speed to card creation. 

## How to Get Started

**I would encourage you to download an addon called [Anki Heatmap](https://github.com/glutanimate/review-heatmap)which is an addon which allows you to see your average daily reviews, and (most importantly) see your streak of doing reviews! If you are able to see streaks then you are much more likely to try to do your reviews each day (as shown by me 503 day streak as of 29/01/2022)! [Click here for the download page](https://github.com/glutanimate/review-heatmap)
The other addon that I recommend is [Edit field During Review](https://ankiweb.net/shared/info/385888438). which will enable you to more rapidly edit your Anki notes**

It will take a while for your to use Anki, because fundamentally it is not as user-friendly and more complex as something as say Brainscape or Quizlet (which is not a SRS app but a flashcard app), though this complexity is not bred because of poor design but instead it's versatility. If you know HTML and CSS (i don't) then I suspect that you will have a very easy time, as this is what the cards are based on. If not, then you might struggle a little at first, but eventually you will get a hang of it. I, personally, got to know how to use Anki not really through watching tutorials at the start, but instead through simply troubleshooting how to do something when i encountered something I wanted to do. If you want to learn about how do something, then a good place to start is [the manual](https://docs.ankiweb.net/).

## How to do XYZ

In terms of seeking help, the first port of call should be [the manual](https://docs.ankiweb.net/). If you can't find what you're looking for in there, Anki also has a very dedicated community, with a very very active [forum](https://forums.ankiweb.net/) in which you can expect an answer to your question (if it has not already been answered) within hours, if not minutes, with the answers always being helpful and never inpolite, even for the most basic of questions.
 
There are also two subreddits, one [general one](https://www.reddit.com/r/Anki/) and the other [based around Medical Anki which is still useful](https://www.reddit.com/r/medicalschoolanki/). 



 ## For my deck
 In terms of my Economics decks, an important thing to note is that I make use of [tags](https://docs.ankiweb.net/editing.html#using-tags). This means I don't need to have lots of subdecks flying around, but instead just three - one for each unit. If you're looking for a card I have made on a certain subject, go to the tags section and you will be able to search and fine the tag that you're looking for.
 I also have some cards which I have in which the aim is to draw on the cards in order to practise doing market graphs. To do this on windows, i use [gInk](https://github.com/geovens/gInk).


## A Good Workflow
First and foremost it is important, in my opinion, to follow the principals set out in [this article](https://www.supermemo.com/en/archives1990-2015/articles/20rules) from the subreddit wiki: make sure that anything you add is something that you already understand, not trying to learn, and make sure that each card, or cloze, is concise with one bit of information in each part: it's much better to have six cards with lots of little chunks of info then one big one with all the info! However, if there's a list of things that i need to remember, I'll start with a card which individualises them, and then I'll often create a card with those six things in it maybe 2 weeks after i've started trying to do the individual pieces of the list, as to make sure i can recall them all with ease.

Now as for my workflow, I will note that it's quite imperfect, and it is probably more time consuming then it should be, i'm still perfecting it. I use Anki to study for all my subjects (which are Japanese and a hodgepodge of the humanities (economics, history, legal exc)). I've got a different flow for Japanese (which can be applied to different languages) and the , so i will explain them separately. 

For Japanese - and this workflow works for any language - for vocab i simple use a reverse card (so the front field against the back field, and vice versa). For the easier vocab words then this works fine, but for those more difficult words I will put images against the back of the card which is because [it is shown to help you retain vocab](https://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/images-can-help-you-retain-vocabulary/5651046.html). How i do this is that i mount the image to the answer side of the card, as so im not seeing the image until after i answer it. I will begin to associate the image with the card, and so when I imagine the picture in my mind I remember the Vocab word.

As for other subjects, I use a method which is quite frankly quite time consuming, and I am trying to kind of fix it right now. In class what I do is instead of taking notes on my laptop, I take notes on paper. Then, usually on the Friday, or Saturday, I will read through my notes and write down the most important parts, both condensing and also thinking through the content that I learnt in class. This not only means that I have a digital backup of the important parts, but it means i properly understand the subject at hand. This is where Anki comes in to play. While typing up my notes, what I do is I have the Anki add window hovering above the application (i force the add window to be always on top using [Deskpins](https://efotinis.neocities.org/deskpins/)) I take notes in ([Obsidian](https://efotinis.neocities.org/deskpins/)). I will often make use of the different note types when I focus on different types of content (Clozes for numbers, Reverse card with some lead in text that i put inside of the html for the note type for definitons, exc). **it's also very important in my opinion to make cards all year, and to do reviews all year, not just close to a test or exam.** This means you'll have had time to properly memorise the information when it comes time for the test, and you won't be in rush trying to make the cards/

  

